.. enhant documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Overview
========

enhan(t) is an open source toolkit that makes you super productive with
the existing video conferencing solutions like Zoom, MS Teams and Jitsi.
It enables you to take real time notes, bookmark important moments, and
capture screenshots.

As an efficient assistant, enhan(t) analytics module enables you to
extract helpful insights like engagement, sentiment and questions from
your online video interactions. It can be used during your sales calls,
product walkthrough, interviews and online learning as well.

Etymology
---------

enhan(t) = **enh**\ anced + **an**\ alytics + **(t)**\ oolkit

Features
--------

-  Bookmark moments (to mark an important part of the meeting along with
   transcript)

-  Capture screenshots (to take a timestamped screenshot of the tab)

-  Take notes (to take manual notes along with when it was taken)

-  Download meeting data (which contains above mentioned bookmarks,
   screenshots and notes along with meeting transcript)

-  Power mode

   -  Engagement metrics

   -  Sentiment metrics

   -  Extract interrogatives (find what questions were asked during the
      meeting and when)

-  Get host side transcription (via microphone) in the Basic mode and
   both host and guest side transcription (via tab audio) in the Power
   mode (with the companion transcription service and analysis CLI)

-  View meeting data in a comprehensive dashboard

Why use enhan(t)
----------------

Taking notes during a meeting has been a historically cumbersome task.
People take manual notes, take screenshots with a Win + Print Screen or
a Cmd + Shift + 3 or the likes, do a recording, etc.

But can this experience be enhanced?

That is what enhan(t) is all about. By leveraging existing web based
meeting solutions and providing a Chrome extension, the user is able to
now take a bookmark to mark an important moment and what was spoken in
the last 10 seconds, take screenshot of the tab with a single click
and still provide the flexibility of taking manual notes. All of these
come along with when these actions were taken, so that at a later point
of time, this data could be overlaid on top of a meeting recording to
provide a lot more context to the important parts of the meeting. This
is all apart from the full meeting transcript.

Additionally, it provides Power users like customer support agents,
financial advisors and the likes more pertinent meeting metrics like
engagement and sentiment along with the questions which were asked
during the meeting.

enhan(t) therefore goes beyond the traditional note taking and provides
much more value by serving contextual data and meeting metrics.


Knowing the document organization will help you find and use features effectively and quickly:

*  **Getting Started** is guide for starting enhant service in shortest amount of time. Start here if youâ€™re new to enhant.

*  **Chrome Extension Usage** are recipes for enhant users. They guide you through the steps involved in addressing use-cases key issues.

*  **Developer guides** are recipes for enhant developer, who want to contribute and extend enhant functionality.

*  **Troubleshooting and FAQ** Frequently asked questions, tips and techniques. 

*  **API reference** contain technical reference for APIs, mostly auto generated from underlying code.


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   Getting started in 2 mins <getting_started_in_2_mins>
   Parts of enhan(t) <parts_of_enhant>
   Installation <getting_started>
   Chrome Extension Usage <chrome_extension_usage>
   Analysis CLI Usage <analysis_cli_usage>
   Developer guides <developer_guides>
   Troubleshooting and FAQ <troubleshooting>
   API reference <reference>

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
